When did Xuanxuan's leukemia happen?
Not long after you left
How is the doctor child?
The patient is in urgent condition
Urgent need to write
Which of you is a relative of the patient?
I am, but our blood types don't match.
Doctor, can you help me test it too?
If the blood type matches
Give the child a blood transfusion immediately
Yanni, I see he cares so much
Xuan Xuan must also care about you
Why don't we make nice to him?
Well, maybe you can remarry
Once you remarry
Our Sun family will rise to the sky in one step
Oh, Mom.
Do you still want to live a hard life like this?
You hurry up, go
My child and I are destined
blood type matching
Temporarily no love
Linze, I want to have a word with you
I have something else to do
Go first, Lin Cuo
I regretted it.
From the day of the festival
I think of you every day
I think of you all the time
Sun Yani, let me ask you
For you
It is my identity as Long Shuai that is important
Or am I more important?
Does it matter?
It doesn't matter
You're just a vain, shallow woman